docs: update adr section of contributing (#9710)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Architecture Decision Records (ADR)

> When proposing an architecture decision for the SDK, please start by opening an [issue](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/new/choose) or a [discussion](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/discussions/new) with a summary of the proposal. Once the proposal has been discussed and there is an agreed upon design, the [ADR creation process](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/master/docs/architecture/PROCESS.md) can begin. We are following this process to ensure all involved parties are in agreement before any party begins coding the proposed implementation. If you would like to see examples of how these are written, please refer to the current [ADRs](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/tree/master/docs/architecture).

Reviewer: nit: Many times the design process will happen in the ADR. We should not limit designs to pre ADR phase.

> When proposing an architecture decision for the SDK, please start by opening an [issue](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/new/choose) or a [discussion](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/discussions/new) with a summary of the proposal. Once the proposal has been discussed and there is an agreed upon design, the [ADR creation process](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/master/docs/architecture/PROCESS.md) can begin. We are following this process to ensure all involved parties are in agreement before any party begins coding the proposed implementation. If you would like to see examples of how these are written, please refer to the current [ADRs](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/tree/master/docs/architecture).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When proposing an architecture decision for the SDK, please start by opening an [issue](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/new/choose) or a [discussion](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/discussions/new) with a summary of the proposal. Once the proposal has been discussed and there is rough alignment on a high-level approach to the design, the [ADR creation process](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/master/docs/architecture/PROCESS.md) can begin. We are following this process to ensure all involved parties are in agreement before any party begins coding the proposed implementation. If you would like to see examples of how these are written, please refer to the current [ADRs](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/tree/master/docs/architecture).
```

Reviewer 2: Does this wording better match your expectations @marbar3778 ?

Reviewer: yea looks good. It was a nit, feel free to ignore if the team is more comfortable with the previous iteration
